Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: datahaven
Version: rev8600
Summary: Distributed encrypted backup utility
Home-page: http://datahaven.net
Author: Veselin Penev
Author-email: penev.veselin@gmail.com
License: Copyright DataHaven.NET LTD. of Anguilla, 2006-2012,
All rights reserved.
Use of this software constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use: http://datahaven.net/terms_of_use.html 
Download-URL: http://datahaven.net
Description: DataHaven.NET is a peer-to-peer online backup utility.
                
        This is a distributed network for backup data storage. 
        Each participant of the network provides a portion of his hard drive for other users. 
        In exchange, he is able to store his data on other users's machines.
        
        The redundancy in backups makes it so if someone loses your data, 
        you can reconstruct what was lost and give it to someone else to hold. 
        And all of this happens without you having to do a thing.
        
        All data is encrypted before it leaves your computer with a key your computer generates. 
        No one else can read your data. Recover data is only one way - 
        download the necessary pieces from computers of other users and 
        decrypt them with your private key.
                
        The system is designed in such a way that will 
        keep track of each user which stores your information, and each block of your
        data and maintain a state in which you can always get your data back.
        
        You can imagine it like this: you exchange two gigabytes in a safe place
        (on your hard drive) to one gigabyte, but in the distributed storage 
        and so kept very reliable. If you are going to store data 
        that you are not constantly in use,
        but you need that they would be most protected - this is what you need!
         
        This is very similar to the well-known torrents... but on the contrary! :-)))
        
        
Keywords: p2p,peer to peer,backup,restore,distributed,cloud,online,storage,data,recover,python,twisted
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Environment :: Web Environment
Classifier: Framework :: Twisted
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Customer Service
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: End Users/Desktop
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Information Technology
Classifier: Intended Audience :: System Administrators
Classifier: License :: Other/Proprietary License
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows 7
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows Vista
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows XP
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX :: Linux
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.5
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Topic :: Security
Classifier: Topic :: Security :: Cryptography
Classifier: Topic :: System :: Archiving :: Backup
Classifier: Topic :: System :: Distributed Computing
Classifier: Topic :: Utilities
